<!-- My Apologies -->
Since it is my first simple project, the Program is not responsive especially with mobile phones


<!-- My Requests -->
I request for your guidance on how i can make my code look cleaner and more readable by other developers.
I request for more ideas on how i can improve this project.


<!-- Bugs -->
The active element doesn't correspond with the instructions, forexample if player 1 is active, instructions are executed for player 2 and vice versa. (I failed to rectify this)
Whenever a player looses by hitting the minimum threshhold, the winner image of the other player remains hidden (i failed to rectify this)
Alert function works well in firefox based browsers but misbehaves with chrome based browsers(i dont know why)

<!-- Below are the steps followed for the simple game -->

The game starts when each player has got a total_value of $50, and a current_value of $0.

The current value is equivalent to the various random figures that will be generated by the system. ie current_value = random_number

When a player, clicks on "Try Your Luck" button, a random number is generated, its value is displayed in the image, and then equalled to the current value. The current value is now equal to the random number generated. ie current_value = random_number

The random numbers run from 1 to 20, and among these 20 random numbers there are 5 special random numbers (1,5,10,15,20) whose value is multiplied by "2.3". 

Note that for the special random numbers, their card images are not displayed but rather, their real images ie (1=>Car image, 5=>Family image, 10=>House image, 15=>Drug image, 20=>pistol image).

If any of these special random numbers is matched, their real value is multiplied by "2.3" and the final result is added to the total value ie total_value = total_value + (current_value * 2.3). Remember current_value is equivalent to the random_number.

For any random_number matched, and it is not among these 5 special random numbers, their value is subtracted from the total value ie total_value = total_value - current_value.

If any total value of any player is greater than or equal to 100 (total_value >= 100), that player is announced as a winner, and the other player as a looser. Reasons for the decision made are also indicated by the game.

If any total value of any player is less than or equal to 0 (total_value <= 100), that player is announced as a looser, and the other player as a winner. Reasons for the decision made are also indicated by the game.

When any of the above 2 situations happens, the game is ended and the players can nolonger play the game. However the game can be restarted by clicking on the "Restart Your Luck" button, which resets all the values and styles in the game.